Documentation: Collision Sensor (#159)
monoDriveIO/documentation: docs/monoDrive_home/Collision.md

# Collision

> Provides information about a collision for the ego vehicle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides collision information between the ego vehicle and objects specified by the `desired_tags`. 
```

    },
    "rotation": {
        "pitch": 0.0,
        "roll": 0.0,
        "yaw": 0.0
    }
}
```

## Raw Output

``` json
{
	"acceleration": {
		"x": 0.0,
		"y": 0.0,
		"z": 0.0
	},
	"brake_input": 0.0,
	"collision": true,
	"distance": 0.0,
	"forward_acceleration": 0.0,
	"forward_velocity": 0.0,
	"game_time": 15.1504135131836,
	"name": "EgoVehicle_0",
	"relative_velocity": {
		"x": 0.0,
		"y": 0.0,
		"z": 0.0
	},
	"sample_count": 106,
	"targets": [{
		"acceleration": {
			"x": 0.0,
			"y": 0.0,
			"z": 0.0
		},
		"brake_input": 0.0,
		"collision": false,
		"distance": 158.330791015625,
		"forward_acceleration": 0.0,
		"forward_velocity": 64.3631000976562,
		"name": "compact_monoDrive_01_8",
		"relative_velocity": {
			"x": -64.3631820678711,
			"y": 1.31770466396119e-05,
			"z": -7.13992267264985e-06
		},
		"throttle_input": 0.613833427429199,
		"time_to_collision": 3.40282346638529e+38,
		"velocity": {
			"x": 64.3631820678711,
			"y": -1.31770466396119e-05,
			"z": 7.13992267264985e-06
		},
		"wheel_input": -0.0034033739939332
	}],
	"throttle_input": 0.0,
	"time": 1589232687,
	"time_to_collision": 0.0,
	"velocity": {
		"x": 0.0,
		"y": 0.0,
		"z": 0.0
	},
	"wheel_input": 0.0
}

> ```

Reviewer: Needs a description of all the tags here:

These values are part of the outer JSON and do not pertain to targets:

* **game_time**: The current number of seconds since the simulation started.
* **sample_count**: The total number of samples that have been collected since the sensor began sampling
* **time**: The current epoch time

The `targets` array contains all the information for the target vehicle. The outer JSON also includes this same information for the ego vehicle: 

* **acceleration**: The vehicle acceleration in centimeters per second per second relative to the vehicle coordinates.
    * **x**: Acceleration in the vehicle x-direction
    * **y**: Acceleration in the vehicle y-direction
    * **z**: Acceleration in the vehicle z-direction
* **brake_input**: The current value of the brake input from 0 to 1
* **collision**: If true, this vehicle is currently colliding with something. For the ego vehicle, it is always colliding with itself and this value should be ignored.
* **distance**: The distance from the tagged vehicle in centimeters. For the ego vehicle this is always 0.
* **forward_acceleration**: The vehicle acceleration in centimeters per second per second relative to the vehicle's forward vector
* **forward_velocity**: The vehicle velocity in centimeters per second relative to the vehicle's forward vector.
* **name**: The name of the vehicle in the simulation.
* **relative_velocity**: The relative velocity in centimeters per second between the ego vehicle and the target vehicle. For the ego vehicle this is always 0.
    * **x**: The velocity in the x-direction.
    * **y**: The velocity in the y-direction.
    * **z**: The velocity in the z-direction.
* **throttle_input**: The current throttle input to the ego vehicle from 0 to 1.
* **time_to_collision**: The number of seconds until the ego vehicle collides with the target at the current velocity. For the ego vehicle this is always 0.
* **velocity**: The current velocity of the vehicle in centimeters per second.
    * **x**: The velocity in the x-direction.
    * **y**: The velocity in the y-direction.
    * **z**: The velocity in the z-direction.
* **wheel_input**: The current steering input to the ego vehicle from -1 to 1.
